ODATA-1559 (#217)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-protocol/1 Introduction.md

## ##subsec Transient Entities

> Transient entities are derived from instances of an entity type that are "calculated
> on the fly" and only exist within a single payload. They cannot be

Reviewer: Are "calculation on the fly" and "derivation" two steps? Or is this redundant?
```suggestion
Transient entities are instances of an entity type that are derived from entities of the same entity type and only exist within a single payload. They cannot be
```

updated and consequently possess neither a stable entity-id
nor an update URL.
A transient entity may have a read URL, which may be used to re-derive

> the transient entity from the current state of the underlying entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the transient entity from the current state of the underlying entity or entities.
```

## ##subsec Transient Entities

Transient entities are instances of an entity type that are 
dynamically generated on request and only exist within a response payload.
They cannot be updated and consequently possess neither a stable entity-id nor an update URL.

> A transient entity may have a read URL, which generates a new transient entity using the same algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A transient entity may have a read URL, which regenerates the transient entity using the same algorithm.
```
I prefer "regenerates" over "generates a new", because the read URL remains the same.

Author: The URL remains the same, and potentially returns a different transient entity.
